README.md, before:

# flow-phabricator-parser
A flow output parser to be use with phabricator `arc lint`


This is a simple wrapper - parser for node that will transform the output from [flow]() to something that phabricator can inspect in the linting stage.

## How to use it.

Install the package with

```lang=bash
npm install flow-phabricator-parser --save-dev 
#or 
yarn add flow-phabricator-parser --dev
```

or copy the source file to your project.

To configure the script with _*arc lint*_
create a `.arclint` file and add

```lang=javascript
{
  "linters": {
    ....
  "flow-regex-based": {
    "type": "script-and-regex",
    "include": "(\\.js?$)",
    "exclude": [ ],
    "script-and-regex.script": "sh -c '(node ./PATH_FROM_REPO_ROOT_TO_PROJECT/node_modules/flow-phabricator-parser/flowparser.js ./PATH_FROM_REPO_ROOT_TO_PROJECT \"$0\")'",
    "script-and-regex.regex": "/^(?P<file>.*): line (?P<line>[0-9]*), col (?P<char>[0-9]*), (?P<severity>error|warning) - (?P<message>.*) \\((?P<code>[a-z-]+)\\)$/m"
    }
  }
}
```

> Replace `PATH_FROM_REPO_ROOT_TO_PROJECT` in the above with the path to directory containing your project's `project.json` file. 
> If it's at the root, remove `/PATH_FROM_REPO_ROOT_TO_PROJECT` from the path above - including the `/` prefix.

Next we need to ensure the appropriate version of flow-bin is installed.

- Open up `.flowconfig` file at the root of your React Native project, and scroll to the bottom.

You should see a version, e.g.:
```
[version]
^0.42.0
```

Install that version of flow-bin with:

```lang=bash
npm install flow-bin@0.42.0 --save-dev
# or
yarn add flow-bin@0.42.0 --dev
```

Notes
----

We point to `"(\\.js?$)",` to get all the js files changed since last version. Also the parser will discard errors that doesn't belong to changed files. If you think some error reported is cryptic you may want to run flow in your __project folder__. 

On 

```lang=javascript
"script-and-regex.script": "sh -c '(node ./ProjectDir/node_modules/flow-phabricator-parser/flowparser.js ./ProjectDir \"$0\")'"
```

we need to pass `./ProjectDir ` as the folder where flow will be run (AKA the folder of your `.flowconfig` file) relative to the root of the git repository.

Current Limitations
-----

- Flow is invoked for each file and the output processed for each different file.
- Right now, in very big projects with many dependencies in `node_modules`; errors in the parsing are not impossible although really unlikely. To solve this we may need to move from `execFile` to a more robust mechanism.

Commit message:

Use flow check instead of status when param check is pass (#3)
* This change should solve issues where the flow servers hangs and times out in the invocation by using flow check instead of flow (status)
* make the check optional so the behaviour is the same as before by default
* run prettier in JS and markdown

Bump patch number to publish the new version in npm.

README.md, after:

# flow-phabricator-parser

A flow output parser to be use with phabricator `arc lint`

This is a simple wrapper - parser for node that will transform the output from [flow]() to something that phabricator can inspect in the linting stage.

## How to use it.

Install the package with

```lang=bash
npm install flow-phabricator-parser --save-dev
#or
yarn add flow-phabricator-parser --dev
```

or copy the source file to your project.

To configure the script with _*arc lint*_
create a `.arclint` file and add

```lang=javascript
{
  "linters": {
    ....
  "flow-regex-based": {
    "type": "script-and-regex",
    "include": "(\\.js?$)",
    "exclude": [ ],
    "script-and-regex.script": "sh -c '(node ./PATH_FROM_REPO_ROOT_TO_PROJECT/node_modules/flow-phabricator-parser/flowparser.js ./PATH_FROM_REPO_ROOT_TO_FLOWCONFIG \"$0\")'",
    "script-and-regex.regex": "/^(?P<file>.*): line (?P<line>[0-9]*), col (?P<char>[0-9]*), (?P<severity>error|warning) - (?P<message>.*) \\((?P<code>[a-z-]+)\\)$/m"
    }
  }
}
```

> Replace `PATH_FROM_REPO_ROOT_TO_FLOWCONFIG` in the above with the path to directory containing your project's `project.json` file.
> If it's at the root, remove `/PATH_FROM_REPO_ROOT_TO_FLOWCONFIG` from the path above - including the `/` prefix, so just `.` is left.
> An optional parameter check can be pass at the end to the script so the line will look like
>
> ```$lang=javascript
> "script-and-regex.script": "sh -c '(node ./PATH_FROM_REPO_ROOT_TO_PROJECT/node_modules/flow-phabricator-parser/flowparser.js ./PATH_FROM_REPO_ROOT_TO_FLOWCONFIG \"$0\" check)'",
> ```
>
> That will force to run flow in mode "check" (independent process) instead of status (server). [Flow #6025](https://github.com/facebook/flow/issues/6025) and [Flow #1428](https://github.com/facebook/flow/issues/1428) are issues that can be work around with this.
> [Flow modes](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/38902752/whats-the-difference-between-running-flow-and-flow-check/38906176#38906176)

Next we need to ensure the appropriate version of flow-bin is installed.

* Open up `.flowconfig` file at the root of your React Native project, and scroll to the bottom.

You should see a version, e.g.:

```
[version]
^0.42.0
```

Install that version of flow-bin with:

```lang=bash
npm install flow-bin@0.42.0 --save-dev
# or
yarn add flow-bin@0.42.0 --dev
```

## Notes

We point to `"(\\.js?$)",` to get all the js files changed since last version. Also the parser will discard errors that doesn't belong to changed files. If you think some error reported is cryptic you may want to run flow in your **project folder**.

On

```lang=javascript
"script-and-regex.script": "sh -c '(node ./ProjectDir/node_modules/flow-phabricator-parser/flowparser.js ./ProjectDir \"$0\")'"
```

we need to pass `./ProjectDir` as the folder where flow will be run (AKA the folder of your `.flowconfig` file) relative to the root of the git repository.

## Current Limitations

* Flow is invoked for each file and the output processed for each different file.
* Right now, in very big projects with many dependencies in `node_modules`; errors in the parsing are not impossible although really unlikely. To solve this we may need to move from `execFile` to a more robust mechanism.
